

--- PAGE 1 ---

2024-2025 CPT208 QA
Dear all,
Welcome to CPT208 Human-Centric Computing. (
This module will be delivered by two lecturers: Dr Teng Ma (9A *) and me. My name is Yue Li (# F ©) and this is
my personal website: https://imyueli.github.io/about.html.
We will start our first class next week, Monday 11 am @BSG02. Please get ready by reading the module
handbook on Learning Mall: https://core.xjtlu.edu.cn/pluginfile.php/114518/mod_folder/content/0/CPT208.AY20
24-25.ModuleHandbook.pdf
Even better, you could take a look at the Chapter 1 of the Interaction Design textbook.
I look forward to seeing you all next week and hope you enjoy the module in the coming semester. ®
If you have any questions, please feel free to send me an email.
Best,
Yue
Module Leader of CPT208
Dear all,
Hope you have had a great first week.
To date, 269 students have completed their grouping selection. Thank you for your prompt responses.
This is a kind reminder that the grouping deadline is Monday, 24 February 2025, 13:00. Please make your
selection as soon as possible, if you haven't done so. Those who have no selection by the deadline will be
randomly allocated and will not be able to make any changes.
See you next week! ®
Best,
Yue
Dear all,
I hope you have enjoyed the lecture and seminar today. Three things to update:
1. The grouping has been completed. Please check the grouping results and start to complete the group
tasks.
2. The homework this week includes 1) a group proposal and 2) some requirement analysis exercises (see
Week 2 seminar slides for details).
How to submit:
Group proposal: each group submits one page on learning mall (https://core.xjtlu.edu.cn/mod/assign/view.
php?id=91298). Note that this is not marked.
Requirement analysis exercises: if you need any feedback, please post them on Padlet (https://padlet.com/i
myueli/cpt208-ay202425-| 78sn35c2h2jdq8t2).


--- PAGE 2 ---

• If you need feedback for your Week 1 group homework (see Week 1 lecture slides for details), please also feel
free to post them on
Padlet.
3. The slides from the senior student experience sharing have been uploaded on learning mall (https://core.xj
tlu.edu.cn/mod/folder/view.php?
id=91297).
Please note that what they said were very personal and subjective. Also, the content and assessments may vary
this year. Therefore, please take the suggestions critically.
Let us know if you have any questions.
Dear all,
I have just met a few groups during my office hour and it is great to see that you are making nice progress. Well
done!
Here are a few comments to you all, see if these are applicable to your project.
1. Please answer the two questions before delving into your design and prototyping: who are your target
users (have your talked to them)? what are they requirements?
2. When you have a claim, try to find some evidence to support it. For example, if you say, "very few people
nowadays are going to the museum" - please show me some evidence. It could be government statistics,
museum annual report, academic paper, etc.
3. Also, when you say, some function is needed in your system design, please show me the requirement
specification. What kind of data did you collect from the users (interview, survey, field study, etc.)? What did
your users tell you that makes you come up with the design?
4. Next week, Dr Teng Ma will give you a lecture about design. The week after that, I will talk about interviews
and questionnaires.
However, the slides have been uploaded last week and I believe many of you have previewed it already. If not, I
strongly encourage you to preview the slides before you do the data collection. Please, always keep a record of
your data collection (recordings, notes, etc.).
5. I would also encourage all of you to upload your prototyping results on Padlet - it's always good to show
your preliminary results for feedback.
I hope it helps.
Best,
Dear all,
The lecture content this week is critical. Please review them if you missed the lecture today.
Some general feedback and Q&As during the seminar are summaried below:
IMPORTANT - Requirement gathering & data collection should be linked with your prototyping - your data is the
best way to show something is needed / could be improved. Don't just do the questionnaire and leave it there -
use the data to support your decision in choosing design alternative!
Q1: We made a mistake, can we correct them and reupload?


--- PAGE 3 ---

A: Your procedure is iterative, so it's okay to make mistakes and fix them. Feel free to reupload them.
Q2: What should we put in the poster? We are a lot of content.
A: Please put the most important information. You only have a limited A1 page, don't try to put all progress in a
single poster. Other information related to the progress can be presented using an iPad / printouts / laptop, etc.
Q3: What figures should I use and include in the poster for the data analysis part? Is a pie chart better than a bar
chart?
A: The visualization of data should help meaning-making. You definitely do not need to include a separate figure
for each question. Aggregate your data analysis and include only the important ones. Bar charts are good to
show comparisons, pie charts are good to see proportion, line charts are good for showing trends - choose the
appropriate one. There are also other ways like boxplots and tables, which can more effectively show the results
of multiple questions in a single figure. Remember to use meaningful naming and provide figure captions.
Q4: Our app is in Chinese. Do we need to translate everything?
A: The golden rule is, if your audience is someone who do not speak Chinese at all, they should still be able to
understand your project by reading your poster. This means you need to either 1) add English captions,
annotations, and descriptions for the key parts, or 2) translate any Chinese you may have in your interface.
Q5: How can I show the use of generative Al in my prototype?
A: If it not self-explanatory in your system design, you may highlight and explain them using annotations / icons
/ notes.
Q6: What is the size of the poster? Where is the presentation?
A: A1 size. You will present it in the EE lobby, first floor.
Q7: Isn't it too early to submit the draft poster this week?
A: Note that there will be no lecture in Week 7. Therefore, in order for you to get feedback from us, we need to
see your draft poster by next Monday. At this stage, your poster doesn't have to be 100% ready - you can still
make changes.
Q8: 1 found other groups are working on a similar project idea. Does it matter?
A: It's okay. Just focus on your own project. Don't worry about what others do.
Feel free to email us if you have any more questions.
Best,
Yue
Hello all,
It's great to see so many nice demos today during my office hour. Well done!
This announcement contains important instructions about the poster presentation day. Please read it carefully.
Instructions based on the Q&As in the office hours:
Poster content: When preparing your poster, please make sure everything is readable. Put only the most
important aspects on your poster. Remember that you could always show your supporting materials use
your own devices (see below for more details).
Poster structure: There is no need to use exactly the bold content in the task sheet as your subheadings.


--- PAGE 4 ---

Be flexible.
You can have your own subheadings (e.g., abstract, introduction, requirement gathering, design,
prototyping, evaluation, results, discussion, conclusion, references, etc.).
Supporting materials: You can bring ANY device - laptop, tablet, phone, HMDs, etc., and ANY materials - live
demo, video, images, sketches, etc. ANYTHING! Be creative!
Slides: Note that there will be no projector provided. If you want to present your powerpoint slides, please
bring your own tablet or laptop. If it helps, this is what a poster presentation looks like:
About poster printing & set up:
What size: A1
How to print: Bring your student ID card and a USB drive with your poster file to print. Go to EliafTEp, let
the staff know the module code (CPT208) and your group number.
Address：仁爱路99号C栋109（⻄安交通⼤学苏州研究院）
Payment: Each group can print up to 1 poster for free. If you need to re-print it, then you will have to pay
by yourself.
Set-up: We will try to set up the poster stands by next weekend. After printing the poster, you may bring it
and put it up in EE lobby, following the spatial layout below.
On the presentation day (7 April), please come in group. All group members should attend. To avoid big crowds,
please come at your allocated time slots:
11:00-13:00 Group 1-5, 11-15, 21-25, 31-35, 41-45, 51-56
14:00-16:00 Group 6-10, 16-20, 26-30, 36-40, 46-50, 57-62
Poster exhibition schedule:
5-6 April: Poster setup
7 April: Poster presentation day (you should attend in person)
8-10 April: Poster exhibition (you don't need to be there)
11 April: Poster taken down
To sum up:
Where to go: EE lobby
When to attend: set up your poster before the presentation day, and attend your allocated session
(morning or afternoon)
What to do before the presentation day: print your poster and put it up in EE lobby
What to bring on the presentation day: supporting materials on your own devices
Let us know if you have any questions. We really look forward to your presentation day!!!
Best,
Yue
Some clarifications from the email Q&As:
1. PDF file in Learning Mall: You need to submit your poster in PDF format.
2. Zip file in Learning Mall: Supporting materials should be submitted as a zip file in learning mall.


--- PAGE 5 ---

• Presentation video: Some of you asked us if a presentation video is needed - it is good to have one for us to
review. However, we understand that it was not made clear at the beginning so some of you may not expect it
coming. If you want to record a presentation video as a backup for us to review, please also include it here in the
zip file. Otherwise, if you feel that you do not have time, you don't have to do it. It is not compulsory.
1. Poster printing: The poster stand our school provides is a X stand and it requires a printing size of
80x180mm (see image below). We have a template given to the printing shop (see here). If you want to
print your own poster at a different shop, kindly put your A1 poster in the blue area of the template and
print it out in the size of 80x180mm.
2. Presentation participation onsite: It's good to show a team effort by having multiple members presenting,
but it's up to you to decide how to distribute the workload.
3. Presentation Q&As: Anyone in the group can take a question. However, we may ask a specific member to
answer a specific question. For example: Can you tell me what was your role in this group project?
Dear all,
Our poster exhibition has been a great success, receiving lots of positive feedback from staff and students. We
are truly impressed by the outstanding work you showcased.
Tomorrow (10 April) will be the last day of our exhibition day. This will be your last chance to take a picture with
your team members around the poster, share your work, and invite your friends to come and see your work.
As we approach the end of the poster exhibition, we highly encourage you to take down the poster on Friday
morning (11 April) and keep it for yourself. Please remember to leave the poster stands in their designated spots
and do not take them away! Any remaining posters will be recycled in the afternoon.
Thank you all for your dedication and hard work.
Best,
Yue and Teng
Hello all,
Please remember (and remind your group members) to complete the peer assessment by the end of this week:
https://core.xjtlu.edu.cn/mod/peerwork/view.php?id=111872
As I mentioned in the class, please research online for portfolio examples and learn from good examples. I have
provided two example project portfolios on Padlet: https://padlet.com/imyueli/cpt208-ay202425-
78sn35c2h2jdq8t2/wish/dMA1W8M1wJnGa4OV|
Note that these examples focus on the visuals and organization of content, rather than the content itself.
If you find more examples and would like to confirm their quality, feel free to comment with the links you have.
Regarding demonstration videos, you may check out the CHI video previews for inspirations: https://youtube.co
m/playlist?
list=PLqhXYFYmZ-Vcd3GOfc15D6idzRt037Hap&si=U3Smg81iJ0oG0xgi|
The SIGCHI guide for preparing a video submission may also help: https://chi2025.acm.org/guide-to-a-successful
-video-
submission/


--- PAGE 6 ---

Best, Yue
Dear all,
If you would like to receive some feedback for your portfolio or video, please submit your work here: https://cor
e.xjtlu.edu.cn/mod/assign/view.php?id=116562&forceview=1
iring the seminar next week on Monday, I will check this submission link and provide you individual feedback.
Note that this is a draft submission so it doesn't have to be perfect!
I hope you could take this opportunity to ask questions and learn from each other.
Best, Yue
Dear all,
As promised, I paste the seminar notes here for your information.
1. No need to write a text report, only the portfolio PDF & demo video are needed
2. Page limit - 10 pages. You can use double sided (A4 x2 on one page) if you need more space
3. Demo video - use screen recording to show how your prototype works and narrate your work
4. Content in portfolio should cover Week 1-12, not just Week 8-12 - you decide the weights
5. How to highlight your own work? Think about visual approaches, like color highlights / blocks
6. Structure - consider using iterations & timelines. For example, in the section Iteration 1, you can have
subsections (subheadings) like requirement gathering, design, prototyping, evaluation, discussion &
reflection; then iteration 2 & 3 with similar subsections.
7. Make good use of visual languages - when presenting a paragraph, consider using bold, italic, highlights,
and colors to convey the key messages.
8. When finished, review and reflect - if you are applying for a master in HCI and you submit this portfolio as
evidence of your previous work, can the reviewer see that you understand the key activities interaction
design? Can they see that you are a good team player & a competent designer / developer by yourself?
Let us know if you have more questions. I look forward to your submissions.
Best,
Yue
Dear all,
Just a quick note that we will use the lecture next week to provide additional feedback for your coursework.
If you need this, please bring your draft portfolio to the classroom and prepare the list of questions you have.
Hope it helps.
Best,
Yue
Dear all,


--- PAGE 7 ---

Time flies and here comes our last teaching week. I want to express my heartfelt thanks for your outstanding
engagement in this module - the lectures, seminars, feedback sessions, office hours, and your self-study time. I
truly value the effort and time you have all invested, and congratulations on successfully completing your
projects with such dedication.
This module wouldn't have been such a great success, nor would I have enjoyed teaching as much, without your
continuous involvement and enthusiasm for learning. It has been a pleasure to witness your growth and
contributions.
I would also like to invite you to join me in expressing our gratitude to our fantastic TAs: Bingqing, Jiachen, Siyue,
Junyi, Peihong, and Shuhao.
They are the true heroines and heroes behind this module.
Please find our group picture below. Thank you again, and I look forward to seeing some of you in my final year
project. :)
Dear students,
Congratulations again on your great achievements last semester in CPT208 Human-Centric Computing. You've
done an excellent jobs in your group projects, which showed a strong research-led learning emphasis.
Therefore, I strongly encourage you to take advantage of what you had developed and participated in the 2025
XJTLU Research-led Learning Symposium.
For more information, please access the poster here: https://box.xjtlu.edu.cn/lib/10184b82-d437-4ebb-bd6d-
b01c3286c46d/file/UC%20For%20Students&Staff|2025/202509/0923/Call%20for%20Projects-
2025%20XJTLU%20Research-|
led%20Learning%20Symposium.pdf |
Feel free to book an appointment with me if you need further support.
Best,
Yue
Dear students,
Congratulations again on your great achievements last semester in CPT208 Human-Centric Computing. You've
done an excellent jobs in your group projects, which showed a strong research-led learning emphasis.
Therefore, I strongly encourage you to take advantage of what you had developed and participated in the 2025
XJTLU Research-led Learning Symposium.
For more information, please access the poster here: https://box.xjtlu.edu.cn/lib/10184b82-d437-4ebb-bd6d-
b01c3286c46d/file/UC%20For%20Students&Staff/2025/202509/0923/Call%20for%20Projects-
2025%20XJTLU%20Research- |
led%20Learning%20Symposium.pdf
Feel free to book an appointment with me if you need further support.
Best,
Yue


--- PAGE 8 ---

2025-2026 CPT208 QA
Dear all,
It was such a pleasure seeing you all in the classroom - hope you've enjoyed the lecture and seminar today.
Quick update one two things:
1. Homework link updated: https://padlet.com/xjtlu/cpt208-ay2025-26-rzyizcizajmzbz90
2. Yes you can choose an open topic (D) and do one of the topics above.
The group selection opens this Sunday at 9 pm. However, before next Sunday (15 March), you can still update
your selection.
I look forward to your creative ideas and seeing your design and prototyping in the coming week.
Best,
Yue
Dear all,
This announcement contains important instructions about the poster demo day. Please read it carefully.
Instructions based on the Q&As in emails & previous seminars:
Poster content: Please make sure everything is readable. Put only the most important aspects on your
poster. Remember that you could always show your supporting materials using.your own devices (see
below for more details).
Poster structure: No need to use exactly the bold content in the task sheet as your subheadings. Be
flexible. You can have your own subheadings. If really needed, below is a suggested structure: Abstract,
Requirement Gathering, Prototype Design and Iterations, Evaluation Results, Conclusion, References
Supporting materials: You can bring ANY device - laptop, iPad, phone, HMDs, etc., and ANY materials - live
demo, video, images, sketches, etc. ANYTHING! Be creative!
Slides: Note that there will be no projector provided. If you want to present your powerpoint slides, please
bring your own iPad or laptop. Please check out the video for more details about poster exhibition last
year:
http://xhslink.com/o/9bodzYnKRsa
About poster printing & set up:
What size: A1, 59.5 x 84.1 cm (23.4 x 33.1 inches).
How to print: Each group can print up to 1 poster at EliatTEn for free. Please bring your student ID card. Let
the ##x know the module code (CPT208) and your group number.
o Address：仁爱路99号C栋109（⻄安交通⼤学苏州研究院）
Payment: If you later find any issues in the poster and you want to re-print it, then you will have to pay by
yourself.
We will try to set up the poster stands by Thursday afternoon. After printing the poster, you may bring it
and put it up in SC lobby, following the arrangement below.
Poster exhibition schedule:
Poster set up: 23 April to 24 April morning
Exhibition day: 24 April


--- PAGE 9 ---

Exhibition period: 24-30 April
Poster taken down: 30 April
On the presentation day (24 April), please come in groups of four. All members should be present for your
poster and be ready to take questions. To avoid big crowds, please come at your allocated time slots:
Group A1-A3, D5: 13:30-15:00
Group B1-B2, D3, D4: 14:30-16:00
Group B3-B4, D1, D2, D7: 15:30-17:00
Group C1-C3: 16:30-18:00
To sum up:
Where to go: SC lobby
When to attend: set up your poster before the presentation day, and attend your allocated session
What to do before the demo day: Print your poster and put it up in SC lobby
What to bring on the demo day: Supporting materials on your own devices
Let Dr Teng Ma and I know if you have any questions.
Best,
Yue & Teng
Great to see some posters and demos during my office hours today. To clarity:
1. Only the poster submission is needed for the Week 8 submission on learning mall.
2. We expect to see your demos during the poster presentation - it doesn't have to be perfect, we understand
you are keep improving it.
3. Please get your portfolio link ready as we may request for more details during the Q&A, your portfolio is
the best way to help you answer questions.
4. I strong suggest that you include two QR codes in your poster, one for portfolio, the other for the demo, so
that we could easily scan and access them.
Good luck!
Hi all,
To clarify again,
1. Learning mall submission: submit your own design, A1 poster. Template is not needed.
2. Printed poster: go to the printing shop* and give your A1 poster to laoban. They will help you print the
poster in the given template. See announcement above for more details.
*I learned from the printing shop that it takes ~20 minutes to print one poster. Therefore, it is strongly
suggested that you print & set up your poster early, the latest tomorrow. Imagine if you all plan to print the
poster on Friday morning, then you will take the risk of not getting your poster printed on time, which will affect
your presentation.
Some of your stakeholders may come and see your work on Friday, and you are also welcome to invite other
stakeholders to come and hear about your work. We encourage you to take it as an opportunity to seek for
feedback and suggestions for improvements. Note that this is an iterative process and we do not expect to see
perfect products in this poster presentation - you still have time after this.


--- PAGE 10 ---

Finally, I believe you all have put lots of efforts in your own project and you know the best about your project.
The Q& are mainly about what you did in the past 8 weeks - who you designed for, what are therequirements,
and the corresponding design and evaluations. As long as you are clear about these, you are perfectly fine.
Remember - you will do the best job when you are confident about your work.
We really look forward to seeing your work on Friday.
Best,
Yue and Teng
Good morning everyone!
I have seen many posters being set up already in the SC lobby - very well done!
lease remember to follow the poster layout and order your posters in sequence, e.g., from A1-1 to A1-6; B1-1 to
B1-7, D3; A2-1 to A2-6, D5, etc.
We have a very tight schedule today so please arrive on time. You may want to get prepared by asking yourself
the following questions:
Can you introduce your project in 1 minute?
What is the most important user requirement of this project?
Can you demonstrate how you design & prototype for this requirement?
Have you evaluated your prototype with the users?
Can you describe your vibing coding process?
Also, I heard that some professors may drop by this afternoon to see your work - you may be invited to join their
SURF projects if you present your work well.
Good luck & tnih! Impress them!
All the best,
Yue
Dear all,
Thank you so much for your great efforts in the poster exhibition - that was a great success and I hope you have
enjoyed them.
1. Overall, you did a terrific job in presenting your work! Very well done!
2. Most of you have developed great working demos with well-creafted designs based on requirement
elicitation - good job!
3. Many groups showed up well prepared and justified the design well. We've seen many novel and playful
designs - well
done!
4. Evaluation turned out to be a general weak aspect - but we will cover more details in this week's video
lecture. Please stay tuned.
5. You have indeed made substantive use of Al - most of you have acknowledged them well in the poster. We
expect to see more in-depth reflections on it in your portfolio.
Please find some general suggestions when preparing for your portfolio and video submissions:


--- PAGE 11 ---

1. Please document your requirement, design, prototyping, and evaluation process clearly in the portfolio.
You may include a timeline to better illustrate your progress and iterations.
2. Try to align your requirement, design, prototype, and evaluation when you design your portfolio. For
example, number the R1, R2, R3, and map them clearly to the Design Goal 1, 2, 3, and then System Feature
1, 2, 3.
3. Informed consent should be obtained prior to any data collection. Please remember to acknowledge the
ethical considerations in your portfolio and demo video.
4. When introducing your design, in addition to what you did, think about why you did it and how they relate
to each other & others' work.
5. When recording the demo video, do not just show the sequence of use (what), show a logical structure
(why and how).
6. If you haven't conducted any evaluations, try to collect more user feedback, document / record them well,
and use the as evidence to improve your design.
7. Remember to explain your vibe coding process in the portfolio. In addition to an overview about the tools
used, it would be good to discuss what worked and what didn't.
Final notes:
1. The poster exhibition will end on 30 April - please take advantage of the public display and learn from each
other's good works. If you want to keep the poster for yourself. you may take it down on Thursday.
2. I have taken some pictures at the end of our presentation day, you may find them here:
https://box.xjtlu.edu.cn/d/449eb9794cf849899579/
3. It was a pity that I did not have a chance to take pictures of your presentation moments - if you have taken
any good photos that you'd like to share, I'd really love to see them! Please upload them here: https://box.x
jtlu.edu.cn/d/daffe74c467c4020833f/
4. If any of you want to further develop your projects into academic papers or really deploy them, please feel
free to send me an email and we can meet to discuss about it.
Thanks again for your hard work! I really appreciate it, and I'm deeply impressed by your work. You should all be
very proud of yourself!
Best,
Yue
Dear all,
Given the lecture time conflict with the May Day holiday, please be reminded that there is no lecture tomorrow.
I have made the lecture recording from last year available on learning mall:
https://bbbload.xjtlu.edu.cn/playback/presentation/2.3/0c1a4d816300c6da32260f183f9631e2f0274129-1744599
793187
When viewing the recording, please ignore the instructions on page 5-9 about the Week 12 individual portfolio
(5m30s to 12m20s) - it is no longer valid for this semester. The lecture content starts around 12m20s.
To clarify, the portfolio, system, and video submission for this year is a group submission due on 10 May, Week
10.
Anything unclear, please feel free to send us an email.
Wish you a happy holiday ahead!


--- PAGE 12 ---

Best,
Yue
Dear all,
This announcement includes some important QAs about the final submission.
1. What to submit and how?
• What? Three files using the naming conventions as specified on the coursework specification:
CPT208_GroupA1-1_ProjectName_Portfolio.zip - this is the zip file of your GitHub repository
CPT208_GroupA1-1_ProjectName_DemoSystem.zip - this is the zip file of your system development folder
CPT208_GroupA1-1_ProjectName_DemoVideo.mp4 - this is your 2-min system demo video
How?
Files here: https://core.xjtlu.edu.cn/mod/assign/view.php?id=87534
Links here: https://core.xjtlu.edu.cn/mod/questionnaire/view.php?id=131735
" Your web link should work without needing to sign up / log in. If really needed, please ensure a default user
account that we can access with the username gpt208 and password gpt208.
2. Submission of files exceeding learning mall size limit?
If you can submit your files in learning mall without issue, great, go with it.
Otherwise, please upload MP4 video only on learning mall, and use this box link for the two zip files:
https://box.xjtlu.edu.cn/u/d/fb82911f6cc141069cf5/
3. Do I need backend? Should I deploy the system to a cloud server?
No, cloud server is not a must-have.
If you have deployed this, ensure link access til 30 June.
4. How to show my system function without a cloud server?
Run locally and record the video demo.
5. How long is the video?
Max 2 mins.
6. Video demo - can I use Al? voice?
You may use Al to generate some visuals, but this should always be noted. Acknowledge tools used in the
corner (e.g., Visual effect generated using xxx) & reference in the end (see example below).
You may use Al-generated voice for the narration (voiceover). Again, acknowledge and reference this in the
end.
Example of acknowledging Al in the end:
This video includes Al-generated content. The footage from 00:00 to 00:05 was generated using xxx; the
VoiceOver was generated using xxx; ...
Example of referencing Al:
Claude 3.5 Sonnet, v1.0, accessed on 2026-02-24, available at https://claude.ai. Used for refining the user
persona descriptions and generating the initial storyboard script for the Video Demo.
7. Technical Reflection on Al use in the portfolio, what to write?
Reflect on two specific examples.


--- PAGE 13 ---

Try to think in this way:
P (Prompt): The specific natural language instruction + context provided.
O (Outcome): What did the Al provide? What worked and what didn't? (Success, Buggy, or Irrelevant)
A (Action): What did you do next? (Modified the code about xxx, refined the prompt to xxx, or discarded
the
"vibe").
Let us know if you have more questions.
Best,
Yue and Teng
Dear all,
Following the SAT Group work Submission Guideline on Academic Integrity, we need to collect a cover page with
your signatures.
Please download the document from the learning mall, complete your group information, sign it, and upload
this by this Friday 23:59: https://core.xjtlu.edu.cn/mod/assign/view.php?id=133764
This is a compulsory submission required by the school policy.
"A signed submission cover page is required (physical signature by all members), scanned and then attached as
the first page of the submission. Missing signatures or those signed on one's behalf or the completion of fake
information will result in mark penalties."
Note that for this submission, only the cover page as a PDF document is needed. Nothing else.
Finally, we have received responses from most groups - if you have not submitted the two links or completed
your peer assessment, please do it as soon as possible. Thanks.
Best,
Yue and Teng
Dear all,
While we have not yet completed going through every submissions, we have observed quite a few good projects
that have potentials and values to be further developed.
If you are interested to further develop this project, either as a group or as an individual, please register your
interest in this form and come to me during the seminar today.
• Call for further development interest: https://core.xjtlu.edu.cn/mod/questionnaire/view.php?id=134659
Today's seminar (4-6 pm) serves for two purposes:
1. If you feel that you would like to clarify something for your previous submission, such as how to access
your system or demo, please come and explain your idea.
2. For those who'd like to further develop your projects, please take a look at the following opportunities and
let me know how you may want to proceed your project further.
Potential opportunities:
1. Human-Machine Collaborative Computing (HMCC 2026)


--- PAGE 14 ---

Submission deadline: June 15, 2026
Attendance: August 14-17, 2026 in Changsha, Hunan, China
https://hhme.ccf.org.cn/ZGTZ_HHME_Eng.html
2. International Conference on Extended Reality (ICXR 2026)
Submission deadline: July 1, 2026
Attendance: November 5-6, 2026, in Guangzhou, Guangdong, China
https://icxr.net/2026/CallForPapers.html
3. International Conference on Intelligent Human-Computer Interaction (IHCI 2026)
Submission deadline: 14 August 2026
Attendance: 28-31 October 2026 in Ningbo, Zhejiang, China
Submission deadline: 14 August 2026
Attendance: 28-31 October 2026 in Ningbo, Zhejiang, China
Paper: https://ihci2026.com/contribute/papers/
Research Demo: https://ihci2026.com/contribute/demos/
4. The ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems (CHI 2027)
Submission deadline: September 10, 2026
Attendance: 10-14 May 2027 in Pittsburgh, USA
https://chi2027.acm.org/authors/papers/
5. Digital Applications in Archaeology and Cultural Heritage
1. Submission deadline: 31 May 2026, Special issue on Digital Applications for Museums: Innovations in
Heritage Interpretation and Visitor Engagement: https://www.sciencedirect.com/special-issue/327820/digit
al-applications-
for-museums-innovations-in-heritage-interpretation-and-visitor-engagement
2. Submission deadline: 10 August 2026, Immersive, Interactive and Metaverse Heritage: XR Design,
Engagement, and Learning Outcomes: https://www.sciencedirect.com/special-issue/330456/immersive-inte
ractive-and-
metaverse-heritage-xr-design-engagement-and-learning-outcomes
What you may get from this further development?
A well-developed coursework project that can be reflected in your CV / Portfolio;
A collaborative research experience with supervision from professors);
Potential conference / journal publications and presentations in academic venues;
Reference letters) from professors) in your further studies;
An opportunity to keep working with us in the final year project.
Note that this is a bonus for the efforts you put into this project. It is not a requirement of the coursework and
will not affect your coursework marking.
I look forward to talking to you.
Best,
Yue
Dear all,


--- PAGE 15 ---

This Friday, Dr Teng Ma and I will co-deliver the revision lecture.
Next Friday, we will be there answering your questions.
Suggested three-week plan for your revision of CPT208:
1. 22 May, Friday: Attend the revision lecture this week.
2. 23-28 May:
1. Study the lecture materials and try to prepare your one-page written notes;
2. Simulate an exam scenario (2 hours and write down your answers for a past exam paper;
3. Try to improve your answers without a time limit.
3. 29 May, Friday: Attend the Q&A session next week to ask for feedback.
4. 30 May to 7 June: Repeat step 2, keep improving your notes and get practices.
5. 8 June, Monday: Exam day. 10 am @ Gym, South Campus.
If you could complete the above tasks, you will do a great job in your final exam.
Best,
Yue and Teng
Dear all,
I want to express my heartfelt thanks for your outstanding engagement in this module - the lectures, seminars,
feedback sessions, office hours, and your self-study time. I truly value the effort and time you have all invested,
and congratulations on successfully completing your projects with such dedication.
This module wouldn't have been such a great success, nor would I have enjoyed teaching as much, without your
continuous involvement and enthusiasm for learning. It has been a pleasure to witness your growth and
contributions.
I would also like to invite you to join me in expressing our gratitude to our fantastic TAs: Bingging, Yiyi, Jifan,
Ningfei, Haoyu, and Zhiyue. They are the heroines and heroes behind this module.
Please find our group picture below. Thank you again, and I look forward to seeing some of you in my final year
project. :)
Week 12 Q&As
Please do not delete others' content. Thanks.
Question: Do I need to show my face in the video?
Answer: No need!
Question: Can I use Al to generate the voiceover?
Answer: Please don't. Please record your own voiceover.
Question: Does the ten page include references as well?
Answer: The 10 page limit includes everything. However, you do not need to use an entire page for the
references.
Question: What is the font size?


--- PAGE 16 ---

Answer: 10-12 would be sufficient.
Question: Can I use a vertical A4 layout?
Answer: The portfolio should be horizontal.
Question: I used some elements from figma community.Should I reference them in IEEE style?
Question: Is a size of 1980*1080 acceptable?
Question: In my group we do the coursework individually, do I need to keep my teamates' names in the title
page of the portfolios?
Key Information
All group members are responsible for all assigned tasks.
All group members are equally and collectively responsible for the entire submission.
All group members are held jointly accountable for the academic integrity of the entire submission.
Violations of academic integrity including failure to monitor group member contribution originality
constitutes negligence.
Unreported suspicious academic misconduct by one group member will be attributed to ALL members in
terms of penalties.
A signed submission cover page is required (physical signature by all members), scanned and then
attached as the first page of the submission. Missing signatures or those signed on one's behalf or the
completion of fake information will result in mark penalties.