

--- PAGE 1 ---

CPT208
Human-Centric Computing
Department of Computing Stage 3 | Level 2
SECTION A: Basic Information
Brief Introduction to the Module
Human-Centric Computing is a level one module that provides students with the up-to-date guidelines, concepts and models for designing and ev
aluating interactive systems. Students will learn about the theories and methodologies in designing and implementing graphical user interfaces, throu
gh a set of useful tools.
Key Module Information
Semester in which t Pre-requisites needed for the mod
Module name Module code Credit value
he module is taught ule
Human-Centric Computing CPT208 5 SEM2 CPT105 OR CPT111
BEng Digital Media Technology
Programmes on which the module
BSc Information and Computing Science
is shared
BSc Information Management and Information Systems
Module Leader and Contact Details
Module Leader:
Office telephone n Preferred means o
Name Email address Room number Office hours
umber f contact
SD457(SIP Campus
Yue Li Yue.Li@xjtlu.edu.cn 81883223 14:00-16:00 Friday Email
-Science Building)
Dr Yue Li (李月) is an Assistant Professor at the Department of Computing, Xi’an Jiaotong-Liverpool University.
She graduated from the University of Nottingham in 2020 with the Postgraduate Award. Dr Li’s research interest is
in the field of Human Computer Interaction (HCI), with particular emphasis on Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented
Reality (AR) technologies. She has been actively involved in research related to the design, evaluation and applicatio
n of VR and AR in the social context, particularly the technology-enhanced learning activities in cultural heritage and
Brief Biography
education.
For more information about me: https://imyueli.github.io/
My research lab (HER Lab): https://hiherlab.github.io/
Additional Teaching Staff and Contact Details:
Office telep
Preferred means o
Role Name Email address hone numbe Room number Office hours
f contact
r
Co-teacher TENG MA Teng.Ma@xjtlu.edu.cn 88970349 SD459 13:00-15:00 Friday Email


--- PAGE 2 ---

SECTION B: What You Can Expect from the Module
Educational Aims of the Module
To enable students to take a systematic approach to the specification, implementation, and evaluation of user interfaces in contemporary computin
g systems.
Learning Outcomes
Students completing the module should be able to:
A. Recognize the
issues involved in
designing computer
systems for people
including an
understanding of the
relevant legal,
social, ethical and
professional issues.
B. Demonstrate an
understanding of the
methods and
techniques for
interaction design,
recognising the
responsibilities,
benefits and
importance of
supporting equality,
diversity and
inclusion.
C. Develop technical
skills required for
prototyping
interactive systems.
D. Critically
evaluate interactive
systems.
E. Demonstrate an
understanding of the
methods and issues
involved in
deploying
interactive systems
to meet business
goals.
Methods of Learning and Teaching
• Lectures. To introduce students to the academic content and practical skills which are the subject of the module. Students will be expected to at
tend two hours of formal lectures each week.
• Seminars. To allow students to practice skills learnt from the lectures and to work on assignments. Students will be expected to participate in tw
o hour of supervised seminar in a computer lab each week.
• Private study. To provide time for reflection and consideration of lecture material and background reading. Students will be expected to devote
approximately seven hours of unsupervised time to private study.
• Continuous assessment will be used to test to which extent practical skills have been learnt.
• A written examination at the end of the module will assess the academic achievement of students


--- PAGE 3 ---

Syllabus & Teaching Plan
Mode of Delivery(
Week
Lecture/Tutorial/S
Numb Topic Pre-reading and others
eminar/Field Trip/
er
Other)
W1 Lecture/Seminar Module Introduction Chapter 1
W2 Lecture/Seminar Discovering Requirements Chapter 11
W3 Lecture/Seminar Conceptual Prototyping and Practical Guide Chapter 12, 13
W4 Lecture/Seminar Heuristic Evaluation, Questionnaire, and Interview Chapter 8, 9, 10
W5 Lecture/Seminar Design Principles and Design Alternatives Chapter 2, 3
W6 Lecture/Seminar Prototyping Fidelity and Dimensions Chapter 12, 13
W7 Lecture/Seminar Reading Week Chapter 4, 5, 6
W8 Lecture/Seminar Group Project Demonstration Day
W9 Lecture/Seminar Usability Testing & Experimental Design Chapter 14, 15
W10 Lecture/Seminar Interfaces and Research Considerations Chapter 7
W11 Lecture/Seminar Field Study and Analytics Chapter 15, 16
Flipped Classroom: Selected Coursework Demonstra
W12 Lecture/Seminar
tion
W13 Lecture/Seminar Revision
Assessment Details
Initial Assessment
Final Exam (70% of the module mark)
Assessment Type: EXAM
Learning outcomes assessed: ALL
Duration: 2.0 hours
Resit opportunity: S
Assessment Task Learning Outcomes Weighting Release Date Due Date
Final Exam ALL 70% / /
Generative AI Permissions /
Requirements and Guidelines for the Exam
The written examination will take place at the end of the semester. It covers all the teaching materials taught in the module.


--- PAGE 4 ---

Portfolio (15% of the module mark)
Assessment Type: CW
Learning outcomes assessed: ALL
Duration: N/A
Resit opportunity: S
Assessment Task Learning Outcomes Weighting Release Date Due Date
Portfolio PDF ALL 10% 17/Feb/2025 09/May/2025
Generative AI Permissions Allowed in line with the university GAI guideline.
Requirement and Guideline of the Assessment Task
A PDF file with up to ten pages of visual images and texts, clearly describing the project design, prototyping, and evaluation process and outcom
e, as well as personal reflections.
Assessment Task Learning Outcomes Weighting Release Date Due Date
Project Demo Video ALL 5% 17/Feb/2025 09/May/2025
Generative AI Permissions Allowed in line with the university GAI guideline.
Requirement and Guideline of the Assessment Task
A MP4 video in up to 3 minutes, clearly demonstrating the conceptual design, the digital and/or physical prototyping and implementation outcome
, as well as the evaluation results.
Report (15% of the module mark)
Assessment Type: CW
Learning outcomes assessed: ALL
Duration: N/A
Resit opportunity: S
Assessment Task Learning Outcomes Weighting Release Date Due Date
Group Presentation and Poster w
ALL 15% 17/Feb/2025 07/Apr/2025
ith Peer Assessment
Generative AI Permissions Allowed in line with the university GAI guideline.
Requirement and Guideline of the Assessment Task
A 5-min group presentation next to a poster, taking place on the group project demonstration day. A peer assessment will be conducted to evalu
ate individual contributions.
Resit Assessment
Summer resits are not applicable for Undergraduate Stage 4 students.
Exam (100% of the module mark)
Assessment Type: EXAM
Learning outcomes assessed: ALL
Duration: 2.0 hours
Assessment Task Learning Outcomes Weighting Release Date Due Date
Exam ALL 100% / /
Generative AI Permissions /
Requirements and Guidelines for the Exam
The resit exam will contribute 100% to the final mark.


--- PAGE 5 ---

Reading Materials
Type Title Author ISBN/Publisher
Mandatory Textbo
N/A
oks
A. DIX J. E. FINLAY G. D. ABO
HUMAN COMPUTER INTERACTION 9780130461094/PEARSON
WD R. BEALE
Optional Textbook
JENNY PREECE, YVONNE RO
s INTERACTION DESIGN: BEYOND H
GERS, ANDANDAND HELEN 9781119901099/WILEY, 2023
UMAN - COMPUTER INTERACTION
SHARP
THE DESIGN OF EVERYDAY THING
S (REVISED AND EXPANDED EDITI DONALD NORMAN 9780262525671/BASIC BOOKS
ON)
DESIGNING THE USER INTERFACE:
STRATEGIES FOR EFFECTIVE HUM
BEN SHNEIDERMAN 9781292153919/PEARSON
AN-COMPUTER INTERACTION 6TH
Reference Textbo EDITION
oks RESEARCH METHODS HUMAN CO
JONATHAN LAZAR JINJUAN
MPUTER INTERACTION 2ND EDITI 9780128053904/ELSEVIER
FENG HARRY HOCHHEISER
ON
USER CENTERED SYSTEM DESIGN:
NEW PERSPECTIVES ON HUMAN-C
DONALD A. NORMAN 9780898598728/CRC PRESS
OMPUTER INTERACTION 1ST EDITI
ON
Additional Materia
ls
SECTION C: Additional Information
This section provides students with essential information and resources pertaining to their academic studies to ensure a successful academic journey and engage
ment with the module.
Student Feedback:
The University is committed to receiving and responding to student feedback in order to improve the quality of the student experience within the in
stitution. It is University policy that the preferred way of doing this is by using the Online Student Module Feedback Questionnaire Survey. Studen
ts are encouraged to complete the questionnaire survey for this module at the end of the semester.
Attendance:
The University expects students to attend all timetabled learning sessions associated with this module, and to engage with the relevant learning and
support resources. Student attendance will be recorded using the Attendance Management System (AMS). Please follow your teacher’s instructi
ons for recording your attendance at each session. Students are responsible for managing their attendance, and should take prompt action to infor
m the Module Leader in case circumstances beyond their control affect their class attendance. You are advised to read the University’s ‘Student
Attendance Policy’ for more information.
Rules of Submission for Assessed Coursework:
The University has detailed rules and procedures governing the submission of assessed coursework. You need to be familiar with the rules and pr
ocedures as detailed in the University’s ‘Code of Practice on Assessment’.
Late Submission of Assessed Coursework:
The University attaches penalties to the late submission of assessed coursework. You need to be familiar with the rules as detailed in the Universit
y’s ‘Code of Practice on Assessment’.


--- PAGE 6 ---

Mitigating Circumstances:
Students who experience serious illness or other unforeseen circumstances as defined in the Mitigating Circumstances (MC) Policy that prevent th
em from submitting coursework or taking final/resit exams on time can apply for coursework deadline extension or final/resit exam authorized abs
ence. The application should be made before the assessment date under Academic Records page on e-Bridge. Misuse of the MC policy will resul
t in disciplinary actions and demerit points.
Academic Integrity:
The University aims to foster a learning environment which produces students who embrace academic integrity, understand that they must produc
e their own work, are able to acknowledge explicitly any material that has been included from other sources or legitimate collaboration, and to pre
sent their own findings, conclusions or data based on appropriate and ethical practice. Any violation of academic integrity including plagiarism, coll
usion, copying, submission of commissioned or procured work, and/or falsification and fabrication of data will result in penalties and demerit point
s. Please be familiar with the University’s Academic Integrity Policy.
Examination Misconduct:
The University also values academic integrity in the conduct of examinations. Any behavior that violates examination regulations will not be tolerat
ed and will result in penalties and demerit points, as detailed in the policy of Regulations for Conduct of Examinations.
Student Discipline Point System:
Any violation of Academic Integrity Policy, Regulation for Conduct of Examinations, and abuse of the Mitigating Circumstances Policy will accrue
demerit points. These points will be placed in the university system, and on the official XJTLU transcript. For details, please refer to the Student D
iscipline Point System appended to the Regulations for the Conduct of Examinations.
Generative AI:
Information on whether the use of Generative AI is permitted or not for each assessed coursework is indicated in the Assessment Details section
of this module handbook.
For more information and resources on Generative AI and your learning and assessment, please consult the ‘XJTLU AI for Learning’ pages of th
e Learning Mall Core.
Learning Mall Core:
Copies of lecture notes and other materials are available electronically through the Learning Mall Core, the University’s virtual learning environme
nt, at learningmall@xjtlu.edu.cn.
Communication:
All official communication concerning module-related matters will be conducted via e-mail and/or as Learning Mall Core announcements. Other m
odes of electronic communication are treated as informal.
Further Support:
You are advised to contact your Module Leader in the first instance if you experience any issues with your learning on this module. You may also
contact your Academic Advisor or Programme Director. Further information on the kinds of support that the University provides to students can
be found in the XJTLU Student Handbook.
You are strongly advised to read the policies mentioned above very carefully, because this will help you perform better in your acad
emic studies. You can find all the policies and regulations related to your academic study on the e-Bridge → 'Document Zone' page.
Generated from e-Bridge


--- PAGE 7 ---

Cut-off Date: 14/Feb/2025